docs: copy button and toggle button migration (#1521)
contentful/forma-36: packages/forma-36-website/src/content/migration-v3-to-v4.mdx

- **Form Components**: We changed how most of the Form components work. For more information, see [the detailed documentation](https://github.com/contentful/forma-36/blob/forma-v4/MIGRATION.md#form-components).

- **Grid**: Some properties of the Grid components were migrated or changed. For more information, see [the detailed documentation](https://github.com/contentful/forma-36/blob/forma-v4/MIGRATION.md#how-to-migrate-your-grid-components).

- **Modal**: We changed the way you import the Modal component. For more information, see [the detailed documentation](https://github.com/contentful/forma-36/blob/forma-v4/MIGRATION.md#how-to-migrate-your-modal-components).

- **Note**: Some properties of the Note components were migrated or changed. For more information, see [the detailed documentation](https://github.com/contentful/forma-36/blob/forma-v4/MIGRATION.md#how-to-migrate-your-note-components).

- **Notification**: Some properties of the Notification components were migrated or changed. For more information, see [the detailed documentation](https://github.com/contentful/forma-36/blob/forma-v4/MIGRATION.md#how-to-migrate-your-notification-components).

> - **RelativeDateTime**: No changes, just import new component. For more information on how to migrate your RelativeDateTime components, see [the detailed documentation](https://github.com/contentful/forma-36/blob/forma-v4/MIGRATION.md#how-to-migrate-your-relativedatetime-components)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **RelativeDateTime**: There are no changes, just import the new component. For more information, see [the detailed documentation](https://github.com/contentful/forma-36/blob/forma-v4/MIGRATION.md#how-to-migrate-your-relativedatetime-components)
```

> - **Skeleton**: Some properties of Skeleton component were renamed. For more information on how to migrate your Modal components, see [the detailed documentation](https://github.com/contentful/forma-36/blob/forma-v4/MIGRATION.md#how-to-migrate-your-skeleton-components).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Skeleton**: Some properties of the Skeleton component were renamed. For more information, see [the detailed documentation](https://github.com/contentful/forma-36/blob/forma-v4/MIGRATION.md#how-to-migrate-your-skeleton-components).
```

> - **Spinner**: Some properties of Spinner component were renamed. For more information on how to migrate your Modal components, see [the detailed documentation](https://github.com/contentful/forma-36/blob/forma-v4/MIGRATION.md#how-to-migrate-your-spinner-components).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Spinner**: Some properties of the Spinner component were renamed. For more information, see [the detailed documentation](https://github.com/contentful/forma-36/blob/forma-v4/MIGRATION.md#how-to-migrate-your-spinner-components).
```

- **Table**: Table becomes compound component in version 4. For more information, see [the detailed documentation](https://github.com/contentful/forma-36/blob/forma-v4/MIGRATION.md#how-to-migrate-your-table-components).

- **Tabs**: The Tabs components API has been improved. For more information, see [the detailed documentation](https://github.com/contentful/forma-36/blob/forma-v4/MIGRATION.md#how-to-migrate-your-tabs-components).

- **Tag** becomes Badge: We migrated the Tag component to Badge. For more information, see [the detailed documentation](https://github.com/contentful/forma-36/blob/forma-v4/MIGRATION.md#how-to-migrate-your-tag-to-badge).

- **ToggleButton** Some properties of the ToggleButton components were migrated or changed. For more information, see [the detailed documentation](https://github.com/contentful/forma-36/blob/forma-v4/MIGRATION.md#how-to-migrate-your-togglebutton-components).

- **Tooltip**: Two props got renamed: `containerElement` to `as`; and `place` to `placement`. For more information, see [the detailed documentation](https://github.com/contentful/forma-36/blob/forma-v4/MIGRATION.md#how-to-migrate-your-tooltip-components).

> - **Workbench**: The only change is v4 is where you import Workbench component from. For more information, see [the detailed documentation](https://github.com/contentful/forma-36/blob/forma-v4/MIGRATION.md#how-to-migrate-your-table-components).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Workbench**: The only change in v4 is from where you import the Workbench component. For more information, see [the detailed documentation](https://github.com/contentful/forma-36/blob/forma-v4/MIGRATION.md#how-to-migrate-your-table-components).
```
